OSINT:
among-us
The Jersey Devil is opening up a secondary shop in his hometown of the New Jersey Pine Barrens, with the other in dystopian New York City. With the opening of the shop in New Jersey, he would need to spend more time here. A video game is said to have the name of the shop the Jersey Devil owns. Find the name of the game and the name of the shop:

perfect-nba-fit
NJIT has a pretty good basketball team, but we could use some taller players to give us a big step in the right direction. We heard there was a creature in NJ who is a perfect fit, but we've got to find where they are. We heard they were last seen about 5 - 7 years ago, but can't remember the specifics - just that it was here in NJ and within a couple of hours of the school. Most of us commute anyway, so what's an hour or so to help our Highlanders get the edge?

Can you find where they were last seen? We need to be as specific as possible- anything less than a Class A sighting in NJ will not do. Get the exact day of the month, the approximate time using the 24 hour format, nearest road number and nearest town.

they-have-returned
Some user has came back nearly a year and a half after no known online activites to wreck havoc across the timeline. Their activity seems to suggest an attack is coming soon!

cryptid-chats
We know the Dr. Tom is currently on the lookout for another cryptid. We think he might have made a mistake and is instead following someone in a costume. We got a tip that Dr. Tom was harassing a famous actor who happened to be in costume for their upcoming movie and was simply visiting a business because they had posted about him recently on their social media. We hacked into Dr. Tom's phone and got a picture from where he started and the path he took. It must've been pretty realistic - do you know what the character is called?


the-shore-pkwy-mystery
Anna was driving in Queens and noticed these poles near the streetlights all in a straight line. We know that these are not standard street lights, but beyond that have no clue. We think this could be someone trying to signal aliens. Are you able to find out more information?

The flag consists of 3 parts. Once you determine what these poles do, you will have to find the following:

The poles are related to location X. location X has a 3 character, unique identifier associated with it. What is this identifier?

The poles are specifically for 2 parts of location X. These parts each also have a 3 character identifier, with the first 2 characters being the same. What are these 2 characters?

Between 7:47pm and 7:48pm (local time) on October 13th 2024, the poles were utilized as part of operation Y. operation Y has an identifier attached to it that ends with 3 numerical digits. What are these digits?

The flag is case insensitive.

STEGO
=====
devil's-secret-stash
In the depths of the Pine Barrens, a cryptic legend whispers of the Jersey Devil guarding a picture. Tales speak of forgotten knowledge sealed within, but only those sharp enough to see the truth can unlock its secrets. The key? The key hiding in plain sight, woven into the eerie folklore itself, waiting for the chosen few to discover and reveal the dark treasures within.

set-your-intentions-right
Mary and Maya wanted to spend the rest of their Friday evening having more fun. They decided to go raundonauting, they set their intentions to paranormal and it sounds like they needed to end up hiding from what they found.

whispers-in-morse
Mary got a letter from Maya talking about seeing a cryptid sighting but doesn't want other people to know, the only thing attached is this picture? She wonders if there could be a secret message hidden inside.

Phenominal-Photo
Simon was spotted dwelling under the clock-tower yet again, this time taking pictures. He seems to have captured a strange object in the far far distance going left, right, up, and down seemingly lost or out of control. There is a strange aura radiating from the photo, pulsations even, like an SOS. Can you figure out this strange phenomenon??


photo-clue
A seemingly innocuous old photo file has emerged, but Mary Morse suspects it may hold the key to deciphering The Consortium's next move. Your task is to analyze the metadata, uncover the true nature of the file, and submit the flag before The Consortium acts. Time is running out—can you crack the mystery behind the photo?

(Note: If you choose to use volatility2.6, use profile Win10x64_19041)

crypto
=====
the-moth-flies-at-dawn
NICC is on the hunt for the elusive moth-man! In order to draw him out of hiding, we need to cook a nice breakfast for him. Luckily, one of our agents has recovered a hash of the cryptid's favorite breakfast. Crack the hash and serve up a great breakfast!

encryption-activated
As weird as this may sound, RB seems to have decrypted some of Simon Letti's important document. Can figure out how to encrypt Simon's file to get recover the document?

tracking-the-beast
NICC is hot on the trail of bigfoot! He has been following a path equivalent to the curve y^2 = x^3 + 73x + 42 mod 251. Each point along this curve represents one of Bigfoot's hideouts. NICC dicovered in his cave located at (26,38), many references to Green Lantern comics. A large depiction of Green Lantern with 13 rings on his fingers was drawn on the cave wall. I think this is the cover to an old issue of Green Lantern, could something about the issue point to how many more hideouts Bigfoot will travel through before stopping again?


cryptid-hunters
The intern found some web traffic originating from a known Consortium IP to this website. The website looks like a 7th grader's project.

Most of NICC took a look at it and blew it off, but Maya thinks there may be something worth looking into. Mary and the others tell her they are too busy and it is a waste of time. She is getting pretty sick and tired of no one taking her seriously. If she finds a lead she is going to follow it. NICC needs all the help they can get, whether its a Sasquatch or a giant clam!

paranormal-picture
One of our recruits is a massive conspiracy theorist. Strangely enough, he has expressed not only that everything is the bite of 87 but also that there's something strange going on in the dark web that involves Dr. Tom Lei. Though he is a little bit nuts, we think he may be on to something. Figure out what's going on before it's too late!

entangled-server
A NICC agent found an old abandoned server with some very suspicious files on it. We have found the file it was hosting on a webserver but it seems like it was very heavily obfuscated. Can you figure out how to get in?

The flag is located at /flag.txt on the server.

Forensics
=========
lsass-crackdown
Anna Circoh has intercepted a highly sensitive memory dump, but The Consortium has fortified it with advanced encryption, hiding their deepest secrets within. Participants must analyze the data and navigate through layers of defenses to find a key piece of information we are thinking its a leaked password. Dr. Tom Lei has rigged the memory with decoys and traps, so tread carefully—one wrong step could lead you down a path of misdirection.

Some AV's may detect the attachment as malicious. This is a false positive and can be ignored


event-code-hunt
Maya Elmer managed to seize one of The Consortium’s computers, but when she tried to access a critical file, a sudden blue box flashed across her screen, and the file was instantly encrypted. Now, with the clock ticking, participants must step in to decrypt the file and uncover the hidden contents. The Consortium's encryption is tough to crack, and only the most determined will succeed in revealing the secrets locked away within.


wont-somebody-think-of-the-children
If Loab is back, we might need the council to help us out. The problem is that Anna sent Maya looking for them but she still hasn't come back. This is her last known location... Maybe you can help find her.

I'd go, but I really don't want to be around those spooky ghost orphans.


memory-puzzle
The Consortium has concealed a critical file within a memory dump, protected by layers of digital obfuscation. Led by Simon Letti, participants must sift through the volatile memory landscape to locate a plaintext key that unlocks the encrypted file. Time is of the essence, as Roko's Basilisk threatens to distort the data with each passing moment. Can you unravel the puzzle before the Basilisk intervenes?

"Basilisk's whisper will not wait" echos through your mind as you enter the file.

(Note: If you choose to use volatility2.6, use profile Win10x64_19041)


Well-Met
For the past three years these characters have appeared in JerseyCTF, SpringForwardCTF, and SpookyCTF - but their lore was kept secret. Can you find the secret in their history?

two-frames-one-champ
Lake Champlain has always been a hotspot for mysterious sightings, but it seems like something recently odd came up. Apparently an old cryptid hunter went missing after attempting to reveal his findings. Rumors have been spreading that the cryptid hunter was once affiliated with the Consortium. But anything they left behind? An broken hard drive. Simon was able to recover the hard drive. Unfortunately, he was only able to recover two images files that are corrupted, likely tampered by the Consortium. Anna is tasking you to JOIN Simon piece this puzzle TOGETHER to uncover what the Consortium are hiding.
.

the-true-bloop
In 1997, an underwater anomaly was recorded by the NOAA (National Ocean and Atmospheric Administration). No explanation for the sound could be given at the time, but eventually a widely accepted answer elaborating on glacial movements surfaced. At least, that's what we thought. Recently, in her exploits across time, Mary Morse of NICC has ended up in 1997 to uncover the "truth" as she playfully calls it. Her whereabouts are currently unknown (as always), but a series of tones were presumably sent by her deep beneath the sea. They were recorded, augmented, and kept for years by NOAA staff in addition to the titular bloop. Perhaps she discovered something so foreboding it had to be hidden? We were able to crack the first part - g4ed_j05_dX_b0Ww0q_0f_wu4rcK. Looks to be a Vigenere cipher encoded with a key. Your job is to find the key to go with this cipher and break it.

(After cracking the Vigenere cipher, place it between the curly braces in NICC{}!).


it-was-never-that-easy
On his way back from a Sandy Hook River, Simon Letti discovered that the stash didn't only contain some piece of information but the evidence of the Consortium performing some bad things. There was another thing that he managed to retrieve from the stash, and it had so much information in it that he can't figure out what piece of information is hidden exactly. But because of his experience, something comes to his mind—that this is something easy. Help Simmon Letti find the true information.


no-access
Mary hid a little surprise for everyone in the SpookyCTF Discord. Can you find it?

This challenge does not require sending any messages.



the-gates-are-closed
A USB drive was found in front of the locked gates of an abandoned cemetery. It may contain information regarding the strange sightings reported to nearby authorities in the graveyard, which NICC decided to investigate.


B00fer
The Consortium sent us this file and connection info. Looks like they are taunting us.

They are running the file at b00fer.niccgetsspooky.xyz, at port 9001. Try to get them to give up the flag.

nc b00fer.niccgetsspooky.xyz 9001


my-assm-hurts
As Mary was attempting to time travel, she slipped on a patch of ice and landed on her butt. While getting up from the ice, she found a cool-looking USB flash drive containing a file with some system code. Can you help Mary decrypt what information the file has?


what-flag
NICC recieved a mysterious email with an executable file that does nothing. Can you figure out what this executable does?


Loab's House of Horrors Vol.I
It sounds like Loab is back and luring students into their trap. Thankfully Anna managed to rip the source code before Loab left the NJIT network. If we can find the flag we might be able to shut this down!
